---
date: '2010-02-01'
draft: false
location: ====
meeting-types:
- nomikai
meeting_type: nomikai
title: Meetings - 2010 - 02
type: meeting
years:
- '2010'
---

1. Nomikai
1. Overview
1. Date
February 12, 2010 (Friday)

1. Time
19:30 - 21:30

1. Event
Eat and drink (primarily a social activity)

1. Location
*Meetings:Locations:Hibiya:Town_Cryer_Hibiya*

1. Cost
Pay-as-you-go

1. Details
This event is open to all Linux users and friends, and is to promote casual Linux (and non-Linux) related discussions over a few cold ones. Even if you're not a Linux user or a LUG member, but want to hang out with Linux people, please come.

Even if you want to come at the last minute it's okay - we may have to squeeze a bit, but please come!

1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Alberto Tomita](/alberto tomita/) : 080-3463-9256

1. Technical Meeting
1. Introduction
All Linux lovers, and supporters of open source code and free software, in the Kanto area (or anywhere else) are invited to attend the next Tokyo Linux Users Group meeting. <b>Membership is open to anyone</b>. There are currently <b>no membership dues</b> or <b>entrance fees</b>.

TLUG meetings are traditionally small and unstructured (VERY CASUAL). Most of the benefit of the meeting comes from chatting with other Linux users and having informal discussions.

As a general rule, the Technical Meetings are held on the 2nd SAT of the month and the Nomikai Meetings are usually held on the 2nd FRI of even numbered months.  There are, of course, exceptions to this rule, so it is best to keep an eye on the mailing list, or check back here for date/venue changes as the date approaches.

1. Meeting / 2010 - 02
1. Date
September 13th, 2010 (Saturday)

1. Time
14:00-16:30 (doors open 13:30)

1. Location
*Meetings:Locations:Jingumae:Sun*
*Meetings:Itinerary:Tech:201002*
1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Edward Middleton](/edward middleton/) : 090-3689-0292
*Meetings:Categories*