---
date: '2010-04-01'
draft: false
location: ====
meeting-types:
- technical
meeting_type: technical
title: Meetings - 2010 - 04
type: meeting
years:
- '2010'
---

1. Introduction
All Linux lovers, and supporters of open source code and free software, in the Kanto area (or anywhere else) are invited to attend the next Tokyo Linux Users Group meeting. Membership is open to anyone. There are currently no membership dues or entrance fees.

TLUG meetings are traditionally small and unstructured (VERY CASUAL). Most of the benefit of the meeting comes from chatting with other Linux users and having informal discussions.

As a general rule, the <b>Technical Meetings</b> are held on the <b>2nd SAT</b> of the month and the <b>Nomikai Meetings</b> are usually held on the <b>3rd FRI</b> of even numbered months.  There are, of course, exceptions to this rule, so it is best to keep an eye on the mailing list, or check back here for date/venue changes as the date approaches.

1. Technical Meeting
1. Date
April 10, 2010 (Saturday)

1. Time
14:00-16:30 (doors open 13:30)

1. Location
{{Meetings:Locations:Yoga:Sun}}
{{Meetings:Itinerary:Tech:201004|
    lightning_talks=*        "History of TLUG"
         By Edward Middleton

         "Origins of early computing"
         By Matthew (Karamoon)

         "Asterisk in Japan"
         By Simon Gibson and Sach Jobbs

         "Creating a 1st Amazon Cloud instance"
         By Alberto TomitaT.B.D.|
 
}}
1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Middleton](Edward)(/edward middleton/) : 090-3689-0292
- [Grisanzio](Jim)(/jim grisanzio/) : 090-6005-3208
{{Meetings:Categories|year=2010|month=04}}
1. Nomikai
1. Date
April 16, 2010 (Friday)

1. Time
19:30 - 21:30

1. Event
Eat and drink (primarily a social activity)

1. Location
{{Meetings:Locations:Shinbashi:Za_Watami_Ginza-dobashi-ten}}

1. Cost
Costs will be shared equally among participants (usually between 3,000-4,000 yen)

1. Details
This event is open to all Linux users and friends, and is to promote casual Linux (and non-Linux) related discussions over a few cold ones. Even if you're not a Linux user or a LUG member, but want to hang out with Linux people, please come.

Even if you want to come at the last minute it's okay - we may have to squeeze a bit, but please come!

1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Tomita](Alberto)(/alberto tomita/) : 080-3463-9256
- [Middleton](Edward)(/edward middleton/) : 090-3689-0292