---
date: '2010-08-01'
draft: false
location: ====
meeting-types:
- technical
meeting_type: technical
title: Meetings - 2010 - 08
type: meeting
years:
- '2010'
---

1. Introduction
All Linux lovers, and supporters of open source code and free software, in the Kanto area (or anywhere else) are invited to attend the next Tokyo Linux Users Group meeting. Membership is open to anyone. There are currently no membership dues or entrance fees.

TLUG meetings are traditionally small and unstructured (VERY CASUAL). Most of the benefit of the meeting comes from chatting with other Linux users and having informal discussions.

As a general rule, the <b>Technical Meetings</b> are held on the <b>2nd SAT</b> of the month and the <b>Nomikai Meetings</b> are usually held on the <b>3rd FRI</b>, every month.  There are, of course, exceptions to this rule, so it is best to keep an eye on the mailing list, or check back here for date/venue changes as the date approaches.

1. Technical Meeting
1. Date
August 14, 2010 (Saturday)

1. Time
14:00-16:30 (doors open 13:30)

1. Location
*Meetings:Locations:Aoyama:Oracle*

1. Itinerary

1. Presentations

1. << Presentation (1) >>
**""M-x Emacs"** by *[Zev Blut](/zev blut/)*

A review of Emacs showing off features like ansi-term, sql-mode, magit and editing text. 1 hour

1. << Break >>

Short break *(maybe)*

1. << Presentation (2) >>
**"SEO for Software Companies"** by *[Patrick McKenzie](/patrick mckenzie/)*

Search engine optimization is a scalable and cost-effective method for Internet-based businesses to acquire customers. Software firms can leverage their products, websites, and skills to exploit opportunities in the current environment. The presentation offers tactical advice for engineers and marketers with intermediate to advanced knowledge of SEO and includes examples of results from employing techniques that benefit small businesses. 45 minutes

1. Other items on the agenda are:
1. Introduction of new members
1. News about Linux/Open Source, general announcements, Q&A
1. Auction (bring any gear that would would like to donate to TLUG)
1. Discussion of TLUG meeting hosting changes.

1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Jim Grisanzio](/jim grisanzio/) : 090-6005-3208
- [Edward Middleton](/edward middleton/) : Edward is not available for this meeting.
*Meetings:Categories*

1. Nomikai
1. Date
August 20, 2010 (Friday)

1. Time
19:30 - 21:30 (last order 21:00)

1. Event
Eat and drink (primarily a social activity)

1. Location
Nihonbashi Mitsukoshi Dept Store Rooftop Beer Garden
[http://www.mitsukoshi.co.jp/store/1010/beergarden/]

address: Nihombashi Muro-machi 1-4-1 Chuo-ku, Tokyo

map: http://www.mitsukoshi.co.jp/store/fcs/english/1010/map.html
 
1. Cost
Men: 3,601 yen / Women: 3,001 yen
(all you can eat/all you can drink)

1. Details
This event is open to all Linux users and friends, and is to promote casual Linux (and non-Linux) related discussions over a few cold ones. Even if you're not a Linux user or a LUG member, but want to hang out with Linux people, please come.

Even if you want to come at the last minute it's okay - we may have to squeeze a bit, but please come!

**IMPORTANT:**
We will need to know how many people will attend. Please register your participation with Doorkeeper
[http://tlug.doorkeeper.jp/]

1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Alberto Tomita](/alberto tomita/) : 080-3463-9256
- [Edward Middleton](/edward middleton/) : 090-3689-0292