---
date: '2020-11-01'
draft: false
location: ====
meeting-types:
- technical
meeting_type: technical
title: Meetings - 2020 - 11
type: meeting
years:
- '2020'
---

1. Introduction
All Linux lovers, and supporters of open source code and free software, in the Kanto area (or anywhere else) are invited to attend the next Tokyo Linux Users Group meeting. <b>Membership is open to anyone</b>. There are currently <b>no membership dues</b> or entrance fees.

TLUG meetings are traditionally small and unstructured (VERY CASUAL). Most of the benefit of the meeting comes from chatting with other Linux users and having informal discussions.

As a general rule, the Technical Meetings are held on the 2nd Saturday of odd-numbered months and the Nomikai Meetings are usually held on the 2nd Friday of even-numbered months. There are, of course, exceptions to this rule, so it is best to keep an eye on the mailing list, or check back here for date/venue changes as the date approaches.

1. Technical Meeting
1. Date
November 14, 2020 (Saturday)

1. Time
13:00-17:30

1. Location
Meeting room is https://gather.town/xH4gBiTE6KA325aV/tlug and will be open from 1pm.  The presentation will be on https://meet.jit.si/TokyoLinuxUsersGroup 2pm.  If you have any problems getting in post on the mailing list.
{{Meetings:Itinerary:Tech:202011|
  presentations=* T.B.D.|
  lightning_talks=* T.B.D.|
  demos=* T.B.D.
}}

1. Other items on the agenda
1. Introduction of new members
1. News about Linux/Open Source, general announcements, Q&A
1. Auction (bring any gear that would would like to donate to TLUG)

1. Helping out
We need help with organizing and running the meeting.  If you are able to help please get in contact with [Middleton](Edward)(/edward middleton/)

1. Contact Info
For directions or information before the meeting, call:
- [Middleton](Edward)(/edward middleton/) : 090-3689-0292


{{Meetings:Categories|year=2020|month=11}}