---
date: '2018-09-01'
draft: false
location: ====
meeting-types:
- technical
meeting_type: technical
title: Meetings - 2018 - 09
type: meeting
years:
- '2018'
---

1. Introduction
All Linux lovers, and supporters of open source code and free software, in the Kanto area (or anywhere else) are invited to attend the next Tokyo Linux Users Group meeting. <b>Membership is open to anyone</b>. There are currently <b>no membership dues</b> or entrance fees.

TLUG meetings are traditionally small and unstructured (VERY CASUAL). Most of the benefit of the meeting comes from chatting with other Linux users and having informal discussions.

As a general rule, the Technical Meetings are held on the 2nd Saturday of odd-numbered months and the Nomikai Meetings are usually held on the 2nd Friday of even-numbered months. There are, of course, exceptions to this rule, so it is best to keep an eye on the mailing list, or check back here for date/venue changes as the date approaches.

1. Technical Meeting
1. Date
September 8, 2018 (Saturday)

1. Time
14:00-18:00 (Doors open 13:30)

1. Location
Axsh Co. LTD

First Umemura Building 6F

3-24-3 Yoyogi, Shibuya-ku

151-0053 Tokyo

(There is a Family Mart on the first floor)

https://axsh.jp/contact

1. Itinerary

1. Yamaha THR10 guitar amp Linux demo (30 minutes)

The THR10 is a small relatively affordable guitar amplifier for home use.
One nice feature is that if you plug it into Linux via USB, it gets
recognized as a sound card. This talk will include a very brief
explanation of the Linux sound architecture followed by a live demo
where we record a couple simple guitar tunes.


2. 10 minute lighting talks open to anybody.

Currently decided:

- The winning combination of 4k and tiling window managers. 

1. Other items on the agenda
1. Introduction of new members
1. News about Linux/Open Source, general announcements, Q&A
1. Auction (bring any gear that would would like to donate to TLUG)

1. Helping out
We need help with organizing and running the meeting.  If you are able to help please get in contact with [Middleton](Edward)(/edward middleton/)


{{Meetings:Categories|year=2018|month=09}}